c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.dll
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.pdb
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.g.resources
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
c:\users\renaud\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\Renaud\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Renaud\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackData.dll
C:\Users\Renaud\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Renaud\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Renaud\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.g.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackData.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackData.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.g.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackData.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.g.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\User\Desktop\faceTracking\mySmileTracker\AwesomeFaceTracking\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackData.dll
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackLib.dll
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.dll
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.g.resources
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Kuba\Desktop\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackData.dll
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\FaceTrackLib.dll
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.exe
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.dll
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.g.resources
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\arman_000\Desktop\coding\kenectx\AwesomeFaceTracking\obj\x86\Debug\AwesomeFaceTracking.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
